three years before getting caught
brigitte cardigan
diane keaton lived a comfortable
upper-middle-class life until her
husband don cardigan
ted danson was downsized from his
position and sank into debt
the paycheck for selena the house
cleaner bounces again
selena confronts bridget and suggests
she take a job as a janitor at the
federal reserve bank of kansas city
on her first day on the job bridget
hatches a scheme to steal worn-out
dollar bills slated for destruction
for her team she chooses nina queen
latifah who works the dollar bill
shredder
and jackie katie holmes who takes bill
cartes from the secret service room to
the shredding room
it takes some work to persuade nina to
join but jackie joins them quickly
the plan is that in the secret service
room bridget will switch a cart's
official master brand lock with a near
identical lock she purchased at home
depot
bridget will tell jackie the cart number
and give nina the official lock
when jackie gets the chosen cart she
dumps some bills from the cart into a
trash can before taking the car to nina
who then uses bridget's key to open it
and restores the official lock
and then proceeds to shred the remaining
bills
meanwhile bridget in the course of her
janitorial duties
retrieves the dumped bills from the
trash and splits them among nina and
jackie in the women's restroom
their first robbery is a success though
the take is not as big as they had hoped
however they're emboldened to do it
repeatedly
once don and bridget pay off their debt
don suggests they stop before they get
caught
bridget rejects this idea and persuades
nina and jackie to keep going
they almost get caught but they end up
cutting in barry roger cross
one of the security guards who is
attracted to nina
a federal bank examiner shows up at a
party at bridget's house
and the next day bridget sees him at
work the examiner confronts glover
stephen root who is unwilling as a
matter of professional pride to admit
anyone has stolen a single bill out of
his bank
tipped off that night bridget and her
accomplices begin trying to get rid of
all the loot stashed in their houses
but the cops move in before all the
evidence is destroyed
bridget escapes but the others get
caught bridgette hires a tax attorney to
defend them
the lawyer gets bridget and all her
accomplices off the hook for their
crimes
because neither the law enforcement nor
the examiner can prove that the large
stash of cash in their homes came from
the federal reserve bank
technically it isn't illegal to have a
couple of hundred thousand dollars in
cash lying around inside a private
residence
however they spent a large sum of that
stolen cash to buy expensive objects and
improvements on their houses
and did not pay the taxes for them
because they couldn't justify the income
the irs demands they pay their taxes
which turn out to be equal in amount to
the money that still remains
eight months later bridget reveals to
nina and jackie that she had stashed
away much of the stolen money in the
basement of a friend's bar
[Music]
you